the following content is provided under
a Creative Commons license your support
will help MIT OpenCourseWare continue to
offer high quality educational resources
for free to make a donation or to view
additional materials from hundreds of
MIT courses visit MIT opencourseware at
ocw.mit.edu
so this is a big day mathematically
speaking because we come to this key
idea
which is a little bit like eigenvalues
well a lot like eigenvalues but
different because the matrix a now is
more usually rectangular so for a
rectangular matrix the whole idea of
eigenvalues is shot because if I
multiply a
times a vector X in n dimensions out
will come something in M dimensions and
it's not going to equal lambda X so ax
equal lambda X is not even possible if a
is rectangular and
even if a is square what are the
problems just thinking for a minute
about eigenvalues
the the case I wrote up here is the
great case where I have a symmetric
matrix and then it's got a full set of
eigenvalues and eigenvectors and they're
orthogonal all good but for a general
square matrix either the eigenvectors
are
complex eigenvalues are complex or the
eigen vectors are not orthogonal so
so we we can't stay with eigenvalues
forever that's what I'm saying and this
is the right thing to do a is know so
what are these pieces so these are the
left
and these are the right
singular vectors so this is the the new
word is singular
and
in between go the not the eigenvalues
but
singular values so that so we've gotten
the whole point now you got pick up on
this there are two sets of singular
vectors not one
for eigenvectors we just had one set the
queues
now we have for rectangular matrix we've
got one set of left eigenvectors in in
m dimensions and we've got another set
of right eigenvectors in n dimensions
and
numbers in between are not icon values
but singular values so these guys are
let me write what that looks like this
is again a diagonal matrix
say my two two sigma or let's say
so it's again a diagonal matrix in the
middle
but the
numbers on the diagonal are all positive
or 0 and they're called singular values
so it's just a different world okay so
really the first step i have to do the
math step is to show that any matrix
has
can be factored into u times sigma times
V transpose
so that's that that's the parallel to
the spectral theorem that any symmetric
matrix could be factored that way so
you're good for that part we'll have to
we just have to do it to see what are
you and Sigma and V what are those
vectors and those singular values okay
let's go so the key is that
a transpose a is a great matrix so
that's the key that's the key to the
math is a transpose a so
one of the properties of a transpose a
this is a is rectangular again so maybe
m-by-n a
transpose is so this was em by n this
was n by M so we get a result that's n
by n and what else can you tell me about
a transpose a
that's a big deal and it's square and
well yeah you can tell me more now
because we talked about
something a topic that's there's a
little more than symmetric last time it
the matrix a transpose a will be
positive definite its eigenvalues are
greater or equal zero and
that will mean that we can take their
square roots and that's what we will do
so a transpose a will have a
factorization it's symmetric it'll have
a like a Q lambda Q transpose but I'm
gonna call it V lambda no yeah a lambda
I'll still call it lambda V transpose
so these V's what do we know about the
eigenvectors so these fees or
eigenvectors of this guy
square symmetric positive-definite
matrix so we're in good shape and what
do we know about the eigenvalues of of a
transpose a they are all
positive so the eigenvalues are well or
equal to 0 and these guys are orthogonal
and these guys are greater equal there
and okay
so that's good
that's one of our that's a will depend a
lot on that but also you got to
recognize that a a transpose is a
different different guy a a transpose
so so what what's the shape of a a
transpose how big is that now I've got
where do I have M by n times n by M so
this will be what size M by M different
shape
but with the same eigenvalues the same
eigenvalue so it's going to have some
other eigenvectors you of course I'm
going to call them you because I gonna
go in over there they'll be the same
well they're saying yeah I mean no I
shouldn't I have to say when I say the
same I
can't quite literally mean the very same
because this has got n eigenvalues and
this has got em eigenvalues but the the
the missing guys the ones that are in
one of them not on the other depending
on the sizes are zeros so really the
heart of the thing that nonzero
eigenvalues are the same okay now well
actually
I've pretty much revealed what the
SVD is going to use it's going to use
the use
from here and the V's from here but
that's that's the story you've got to
see that story okay
so fresh start on the singular value
decomposition what are we looking for
well as a factorization so we're looking
for
we want a
we want vectors V
so that when I multiply by V so if it
was an eigen vector it would be a V
equal lambda V but now for a it's
rectangular it's not you hasn't got
Argan factors so AV is
Sigma the new I
singular value times u that's the first
guy and the second guy and the are scag
I'll stop at are
the rank
yeah
is that what I bought
hey let me just see
AV is Sigma you yeah that's good okay so
this is what takes the place of ax equal
lambda X a
times one set of singular vectors gives
me a number times the other set of
singular vectors and why did I stop at
are the rank because after that the
Sigma's are 0 so after that I could have
some more guys but they'll be in the
null space
0 on down to of VN so these are the
important ones
so that's what I'm looking for
can I sell let me say it now in words
I'm looking for a bunch of orthogonal
vectors V
so that when I multiply them by a I get
a bunch of orthogonal vectors u that is
not so clearly possible but it it it is
possible it does happen I'm looking for
one set of orthogonal vectors V in the
input space you could say so that the a
V's in the output space are also
orthogonal in our picture of
you know our picture of the fundamental
the the big picture of linear algebra
we have
these in this space and then stuff in
the null space and
we have views
over here in the column space and some
stuff in the null space over there and
the idea is that I have orthogonal V's
here and when I multiply by a so
multiplied
by a
then I get orthogonal use over here
orthogonal to orthogonal that's what
that's what makes the V's and they use
special right okay that's that's the
property and then when we write down
well let me write down what that would
mean what so I've just drawn a picture
to go with this
those equations that picture just goes
with these equations and let me just
write down what it means it means in
matrix so I've written it oh yeah I've
written it here in
vectors one at a time but of course you
know I'm gonna put those vectors into
the columns of a matrix so a times v1 up
to let's say V R
will equal oh
yeah it equals Sigma times use so this
is what I'm after is
u1 up to you are
multiplied by
Sigma one belong to Sigma ha
what I'm doing now is just to say I'm
converting these
individual
singular vectors each V going into au to
putting them all together into a matrix
and of course what I've written here is
a V equals u Sigma a
V equals u Sigma
that's what that amounts to
well then I'm gonna put a V transpose on
this side and I'm gonna get to a equals
u Sigma V transpose
multiplying both sides there by V
transpose u I'm kind of writing the same
thing in different forms matrix form
vector at a time form
and now
we have to find them now now I've used
up boards saying what we're after but
now we got to get there so what are the
V's and what are the use
well the cool idea is to think of a
transpose a so
you're with me what we're for and now
think about a transpose a so I if this
is what I'm hoping for
what will a
transpose a turn out to be
so big moment that's going to reveal
what the v's are so if I form a
transpose a so
a transpose so I've got a transpose this
guy so a transpose is V
Sigma transpose u transpose right and
then comes a which is this u Sigma V
transpose so why did I do that
why is it that a transpose a is the cool
thing to look at to make the problem
simpler well what what make what becomes
simpler in that line just written
u transpose u is the
identity because I'm looking for
orthogonal in fact orthonormal use so
that's the identity so this is V Sigma
transpose Sigma V transpose
put processes around that because that's
a diagonal matrix
okay
what does that tell me what does that
tell all of us a
transpose a has this form now we've seen
that form before we know that this is a
symmetric matrix symmetric and even
positive definite so what are the V's
the V's are the
eigen vectors of a transpose a here
where this is the Q lambda Q transpose
for that symmetric matrix so we know the
v's are the eigenvectors the the eigen
vectors of a transpose a
and I guess we're also going to get
there the singular value so the Sigma
transpose Sigma which will be the Sigma
Squared's are the eigenvalues of
a transpose a
good
sort of by looking for the correct thing
you Sigma V transpose and then just
using the u transpose u evil identity we
cut it back to something we we perfectly
recognize a
transpose a has that form so now we know
what the V's are and if I do it the
other way
which what's the other way
instead of a transpose a the other way
is
and if I write all that down
the a is the u Sigma V transpose and the
a transpose is the V Sigma transpose u
transpose and again this stuff goes away
and leaves me with you
Sigma Sigma Sigma transpose u transpose
so I know what to use are - they're the
eigenvectors of a
a transfer
isn't that a beautiful
symmetry you just a transpose a and a a
transpose they're two different guys now
so they have each has its own
eigenvectors and we use both it's just
right and
i just have to take the final step and
and we've established the SVD
so the final step is to remember what
I'm going for here a
times a V is supposed to be Sigma times
a you
see what I'm what I have to deal with
now is I
haven't quite finished it's it's just
perfect as far as it goes but it hasn't
gone to the end yet because
we could have double eigenvalues and
triple eigenvalues and all those
horrible possibilities
and if i have triple eigenvalues or
double eigenvalues then what's the deal
with eigenvectors if i have double
eigenvalue suppose a matrix has a type
say a symmetric matrix has a double
eigenvalue let me just take an example
so symmetric matrix like say 1 1 5 make
it why not
what's the deal with eigenvectors for
that matrix 1 1 5
so 5 has got an eigenvector you can see
what it is 0 0 1 what about the
eigenvectors that go with lambda equal 1
for that matrix
what's up what I what would be
eigenvectors for lambda equal 1
unfortunately there's a whole plane of
them any vector of the full of the form
XY 0 any any any vector in the XY plane
would produce XY 0
travel plane of eigenvectors and i've
got a pick two that are orthogonal which
i can do and then they have to be in the
in the SVD that was two orthogonal guys
have to go to two orthogonal guys in
other words is a little bit of like
detail here
little getting into this
exactly what is well actually
let me let me tell you the steps ok so I
use this
to conclude that that the v's the
singular vector should be ionized I
concluded those guys from this step now
I'm not gonna use this step so much of
course it's in the back of my mind but
I'm not using it I I'm gonna get the use
from here
so you one is a
V 1 over Sigma 1
the you are
is a V R over Sigma R do you see what
I'm doing here I'm picking in a possible
plane of things the one I want they use
I want so I've chosen the V's I've
chosen the Sigma's they were they're
fixed for a transpose a the eigenvectors
RV's the things this eigen values are
Sigma Squared's okay and now then this
is the U I want
are you with me so I had to I had to
give I want to get these use correct and
if I have a whole plane of possibilities
I got to pick the right one
okay and now finally I have to show that
it's the right one so what is left to
show I
would show that these use are
eigenvectors of a a transpose
and i should show that they're
orthogonal right that's the key right i
i would like to show that these are
orthogonal
then that's what goes in this picture
the v's I've got orthogonal guys because
I they're they're the eigenvectors of a
symmetric matrix pick a more thorough
but now I'm multiplying by a so I'm
getting the U which is AV over Sigma for
the basis vectors and I have to show
they're orthogonal so this is like the
final moment
does everything come together right
if I picked the V's as the eigen vectors
of a transpose
and then I take these for the use are
they orthogonal so I would like to think
that we can check that fact and it that
it will come out okay could you just
help me through this one
I'll never ask for anything again just
just just get the SVD for
[Applause]
okay so
I would like to show that a
that you one that's so let me put up
what I'm doing I'm trying to show that u
transpose u 2 is zero
there are soluble okay so u 1 is a
V 1
over Sigma 1
that's transpose that's u 1 and u 2 is a
V 2 over Sigma 2 and I want to get 0 the
whole
conversation has ended right is ending
right here why is that change 0
the V's are orthogonal
we know the visa orthogonal there are
saga normal eigen vectors of a transpose
a to be repeat that the V's are
orthogonal
eigen vectors of
a transpose a
which I know they're there there we can
find them then I chose the use to be
this and I want to get the answer 0 are
you ready to do it
we want to we want to
compute that and get 0 so what do I get
let's we just have to do it so I can see
that the denominator is that so is it V
1 transpose a
transpose right times AV 2
and I'm hoping to get zero
do I get zero here
you hope so yeah v1 is orthogonal v2 but
I've got a transpose a stick stuck in
the middle there so what do I what
happens here
how do I look at that
v2 is an
eigenvector of a
transpose a terrific so
so this is V 1 transpose and this is the
matrix times V 2 so that's Sigma 2
transpose V 2 isn't it
it's the eigenvector with eigenvalue
Sigma 2 squared
times V 2 yep divided by Sigma 1 Sigma 2
so the A's are out of there now
and do I so I've just cuts these numbers
Sigma 2 squared so that would be Sigma 2
over Sigma 1 is I've accounted for these
numbers here times V 1 transpose V 2 and
now
what's up
there orthonormal we got it that's 0
that is 0 there yeah so so not only are
the V's orthogonal to each other but
because they're RI ghen vectors of a
transpose a when I do this I discover
that the a V's are orthogonal to each
other over in the in the column space so
orthogonal V's in the row space
orthogonal AV s over in the column space
that was discovered
late much long after eigenvectors and
it's a interesting history
and it just comes out right and then it
was discovered but not much used for Oh
a hundred years probably and then
people saw that it was exactly the right
thing and data matrices became important
which are large
rectangular matrices and we have not oh
I better say a word just a word here
about actually computing the v's and the
Sigma's and they use
so how would you actually find them you
what I most want to say is you would not
go this a transpose a root
why why is it like it is that a big
mistake if you have a matrix a say five
thousand by ten thousand
why is it a mistake to actually use a
transpose a in the computation we used
it big heavily in the proof and
we could find another proof that
wouldn't use it so much but why would I
not do why would I not multiply these
two together
it's very big very expensive it
adds in a whole lot of
roundoff you have a matrix that's now
it's vulnerability to roundoff errors is
squared that's called its condition
number gets squared and you just don't
go there so the actual computational
methods are quite different and we'll
talk about those but the the a transpose
a because it's symmetric
positive-definite
made the proof so nice that's that's
what you've seen the nicest proof I'd
say of the
and now I should think about the
geometry so so what does a equal
a well you sigmat maybe I take another
board but it's it will
fill it but it's like when you sing my V
transpose I
so it's got three factors there and
I would like then each factor is kind of
a special matrix U and V are orthogonal
matrix so I think of those as rotations
Sigma is a diagonal matrix I think of it
as stretching so now I'm just going to
draw the picture so here's
unit vectors and
the first thing so this if I'm
multiplied by X this is the first thing
that happens so that rotates
here's here's X s then V transpose X is
that that's still a circle
length didn't change for those when I
multiply by an orthogonal matrix but the
vectors turned
it's a rotation could be a reflection
but let's keep it as a rotation now what
does Sigma do so I have this unit circle
these I'm in 2d
so I'm drawing a picture of the
vectors these are the unit vectors in 2d
X Y they got turned by the orthogonal
matrix what does Sigma do to that
picture
it stretches because Sigma multiplies by
Sigma 1 in the first component Sigma 2
in the second so it stretches these guys
and say let's suppose this is number one
and this is number two this is number
one and this is number two so Sigma one
our convention is Sigma one we always
take Sigma 1 greater equals Sigma 2
greater equal whatever greater equal
Sigma rank and that's and that they're
all positive
and the rest are zero so
Sigma one will be bigger than Sigma two
so I'm expecting this ellipse it'll
change circle goes to an ellipse when
you stretch the
I didn't get it quite perfect but not
bad so this was this would be Sigma 2 V
2 V Sigma 1 V 1 and this would be Sigma
2 V 2 and we now have an ellipse
so we started with X's in a circle we
rotated we stretched and now the final
step is
take these guys and multiply them by you
so this was the Sigma V transpose X and
now I'm ready for the U part which comes
last because it's at the left and what
happens from what's the picture now
what does you do to the ellipse it
rotates it it's another orthogonal
matrix it rotates it somewhere maybe
there
and now
we see the use
u2 and u1
do ah maybe maybe they're there maybe I
let me let me think about that
basically that's not that's right
so so this SVD is telling us something
quite remarkable that every linear
transformation every matrix
multiplication factors into a rotation
times a stretch times a different
rotation but possibly different
actually when would the u be the same as
the V here's a good question when is U
the same as V when are the two singular
vectors just the same
because a would have to be square and
we want this to be the same as Q lambda
Q transpose if they're the same so the
use would be the same as the V's when
the matrix is symmetric and actually we
need it to be positive definite why is
that
because our convention is these guys are
greater equal zero these guys if it's
going to be the same then so for a
positive definite symmetric matrix
the
the S the S that we started with is the
same as the you as the a on the next
line yeah the Q is the U the Q transpose
as the V transpose the lambda is the
Sigma so those are the good matrices and
they're the ones that you can't improve
basically they're so good you can you
can't make a positive definite symmetric
matrix better than it is well maybe
diagonalize it or something but
okay
now I think of like one question here
that it helps to helps me anyway to keep
this figure straight
how I want to count the
parameters in
this factorization
so I'm two by two I'm two by two
so a has four numbers ABCD
then I guess I feel that four numbers
should appear on the right-hand side
somehow the U and the Sigma and the V
transpose should use up a total of four
numbers so we have a beautiful
town ting match between the left side
that's got four numbers a b c d and the
right side that's got number is buried
in there somewhere
so can we dig them out
how many numbers in Sigma that's pretty
clear to
Sigma 1 and Sigma 2
the two eigenvalues
how many numbers in this rotation
so I if I had a different color chalk I
would put two for the number of
things I counted four by Sigma how many
parameters does a two by two rotation
require
1 and what's a what's a good word for
that one
or that one parameter it's like I have R
cos theta sine theta minus sine theta
cos theta there's a number fada it's
it's the angle that rotates so that's
one guy to tell the rotation angle two
guys to tell the stretchings and
one more to tell the rotation from you
adding up to four so so those account
those match up with the four numbers
ABCD that we start with of course it's a
complicated
relation between those four numbers and
and rotations and stretches but but it's
four equals four anyway
and I guess if you did three by threes
oh
three by threes what would happened then
so let me take three do you want to care
for three by threes
just it's sort of satisfying to get four
equal four but now what do we get three
by three
we got how many numbers here nine
hello so where are those nine numbers
well how many here that's usually the
easy
three
so what's your guests for the
how many and a rotation in a 3d rotation
you take a sphere and you rotate it how
many how many numbers to tell you what's
what to tell you what you did three we
hope three yeah it's gonna be three
three and three for the for the for the
three-dimensional world that we live in
so people who do rotations for a living
understand that a rotation in 3d but how
do you see this
I mean it's three words and we've got it
right okay yeah roll pitch and yaw yeah
I guess about pilot hopefully knows
about those three yeah yeah yeah which
is roll when these are like forward and
back
[Music]
oh
yo you're in a you stay in a plane and
you okay beautiful right right and that
leads us to our four four dimensions
what's your guess on 4d well let's we
could do the count again if it was four
by four we would have sixteen numbers
there and in the middle we always have a
easy time with that that would be four
so we got 12 left to share out so six
somehow six six angles in four
dimensions
well we leave it there yeah yeah yeah
okay okay so there's the SVD but without
an example
examples you know I would have to
compute a transpose a and find it so the
text will do that does it for a
particular matrix Oh
yeah the text does it for a for a matrix
three four zero five that came out
pretty well uh
a few facts we could learn though so the
if I multiply all the eigenvalues
together then I for a matrix a what do I
get I get the determinant what if I
multiply the singular values together
well again I get the determinant you can
see it right away from the big formula
take determinant
take determinants well assuming the
matrix a is square so it's got a
determinant then I take determinants the
determinant of this product I can take
the separate determinants that has
determinant equal to
one an orthogonal matrix
the the
the
determinant is 1 and similarly here so
so the product of the Sigma's is also
the determinant yeah yeah so the product
of the Sigma's is also the determinate
the product of the Sigma's here will be
15 but you'll find that
Sigma 1 is smaller than lambda 1 so here
are the eigen values lambda 1 lesser
equal lambda 2 say but but the singular
values are
outside them yeah but they still
multiply Sigma 1 thing times Sigma 2
will still be 15 and that's the same as
lambda 1 times lambda 2 yep
but overall computing the examples of
the of the SVD take more time because
well yeah you just compute a transpose a
and you've got the V's and you're on
your way and you have to take the square
roots of the argument so
that's the SVD
as a
piece of pure math but of course what
we'll do next time starting right away
is use SVD and let me tell you even
today the most yeah yeah most important
pieces of the SVD so what do I mean by
pieces of the SVD I've got one more
blackboard still the right on so here we
go
[Applause]
so let me write out a is
you the use
times the Sigma's
Sigma's 1 to R times the B's V transpose
V 1 transpose down to V R transpose so
those are across
yeah actually
what I've written here so
there you could say there's a large big
economies there's a there's a smaller
size SVD that has the real stuff that
really counts and then there's a larger
SVD that has a whole lot of zeroes so so
this would be the smaller one M by R or
this would be R by R and these would all
be positive and this would be R by n
so that's the that's only using the are
non zeros all these guys are greater
than zero then
the other one
we could fill out
to get square
orthogonal matrix
the Sigma's and square V's V 1 transpose
to be and transpose so what are the
shapes now this shape is M by M
it's a proper orthogonal matrix this one
also n by n so this guy has to be this
is the Sigma now so it has to be what
sighs M by n that's the remaining space
so it starts with the Sigma's and then
it's all zeros
accounting for null space stuff
yeah so you should really see that these
two are possible that that all these
zeros when you multiply out
just give nothing so that really the
only thing that non zero is in these
bits but there's a complete one so what
are these extra use they're in the null
space of a transpose a transpose or a
transpose a yeah so two sizes the large
size and the small size but they're then
the things that count are all in there
okay
so I was going to do one more thing and
I'm let me see what
what it was
there so this is section 1.8 of the
notes and you'll see examples there and
you'll see a
second approach to
the finding leaves and B's and Sigma's I
can tell you what that is but maybe with
just two just to do something nice at
the end let me
tell you about another
factorization of a that was famous
that's famous in engineering and it's
famous in
in
geometry
so this is any a as a u Sigma V
transpose we've got that now the the the
other one that I'm thinking of I'll tell
you its name it's called the pole
decomposition of a matrix
and all I want you to see is that it's
it's virtually here so a polar means
what's polar and for complex number
what's the polar form of a complex
number
[Music]
a real guy so the real guy R will
translate into a symmetric guy and the e
to the I theta will translate into
so what does he say what kind of a
matrix reminds you of e to the I theta
or sorry size one so orthogonal
so that's a very using very kind of nice
every matrix factors into symmetric
matrix times an orthogonal matrix and I
of course
describe these as the most important
classes of matrices and here we're
saying every matrix is a s times aq and
I'm also saying that I can get that
quickly out of out of the SVD so I'm
just want to do it
so I want to find an S and find a Q out
of this so to get an S so let me just
start it you Sigma but now I'm looking
for an S so what shall I take put in now
I put a better put in
if I've got you Sigma something and I
want it to be symmetric I shouldn't put
in
you transpose will do it
but then if I put in u transpose I've
got to put in you so now I've got you
Sigma u transpose U is the identity now
I've got to get V transpose
and
have I got what the polar decomposition
is asking for in this line so yeah I
think what do I got here where's the
where's the S
and this so you see I took the SVD and I
just put the identity in there just
shifted things a little and now where's
the s that I can read off
for a straight that's an S
that's a symmetric matrix and where's
the Q well I guess we can see where the
Q has to be it's here
yeah
yeah so just by sticking u transpose U
and looking and putting the parentheses
right what I
recover that
decomposition of a matrix
which in in mechanical engineering
languages language tells me that any
strain can be you know which is like
stretching of a of elastic thing has a
has
a
symmetric kind of a stretch and internal
twist yeah
so that's good well this was a lot of
three six nine boards filled with
matrices
well it is 1806 five so maybe that's all
right but
the idea is to use them on a matrix of
data and
I'll just tell you the key fact the key
fact if I have a big matrix of data
Hey
and if I want to pull out of that matrix
the important part so
that's what data science has to be doing
out of a big matrix some of those some
part of it is noise some part of it is
signal I'm looking for the most
important part of the signal here so I'm
looking for the most important part of
the matrix
in a way the biggest numbers but but
that and of course I'm look at
individual numbers
so what's the biggest part of the matrix
what's the what are the principal
components now we're really getting in
if this is a if this you know it could
be data and we want to do statistics so
we want to see what's what has high
variance what has low variance we'll
we'll do these
connections with statistics
but what's the important part of the
matrix well
that means look at the you Sigma V
transpose
here yeah let me look at it
so what's the one most important part of
that of that matrix
one the right one it's a rank one P so
when I say a part I'm of course it's
going to be a matrix part but so the
simple matrix building block is like a
rank one matrix something something
transpose and what should I pull out of
that as being the most important rank
one matrix that's in that product so
I'll erase it one point eight while you
think what do I do
to pick out the big deal the the thing
that the data is telling me first
well these are
north of normal I can no one is bigger
than another one these are orthonormal
no one is bigger than another one but
here I look here which is the most
important number
Sigma 1 Sigma 1 so the part I pick out
is this biggest number times its Rho
times its column so it's u 1 Sigma 1 V 1
transpose is the
the top principal part of the matrix a
it's the leading part of the matrix a
it's the rank one the biggest rank one
part of the matrix is there so computing
those three guys is the first step to
understanding the data yeah so that's
what's coming next is and I guess
tomorrow since
they moved Monday my teach declared
Tuesday to be Monday
there they didn't change Wednesday so
I'll see you tomorrow for
the the principal components